NAMESPACE        POD                                                             NAME                      CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
apk              apk-test-cert-manager-59954cb9dd-6xg7t                          cert-manager-controller   1m           27Mi            
apk              apk-test-cert-manager-cainjector-54b47dd655-m8xp4               cert-manager-cainjector   2m           36Mi            
apk              apk-test-cert-manager-webhook-6cf6588b8f-twm4q                  cert-manager-webhook      1m           15Mi            
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-adapter-deployment-67444fdf5-b746m            adapter                   121m         847Mi           
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-gateway-runtime-deployment-66d968b7cd-7p7dd   enforcer                  39m          730Mi           
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-gateway-runtime-deployment-66d968b7cd-7p7dd   router                    1500m        1356Mi          
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-idpds-deployment-6ccd9bbcfd-nkfqg             idpds                     2m           221Mi           
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-idpui-deployment-58f9fc49c-5tjls              idpui                     1m           17Mi            
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-runtime-ds-deployment-76d6d6c694-k9pz7        runtime-ds                2m           449Mi           
apk              httpbin-5fb4d6bbc4-glcpz                                        httpbin                   1m           37Mi            
apk              wso2apk-db-service-0                                            postgresql                4m           42Mi            
default          netty-backend-6f99fffc77-64fq5                                  netty-backend             10m          409Mi           
gateway-system   gateway-api-admission-server-54d848ffcc-p55z8                   webhook                   1m           5Mi             
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-69j6s                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           14Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-75sws                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           17Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-bkpzm                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           15Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-l2h5w                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           17Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-qkrwq                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           15Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-8thqc                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           19Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-hthmp                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           14Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-sk9kg                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           19Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-vbnbj                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           15Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-xgqkd                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           16Mi            
kube-system      coredns-59b6bf8b4f-m479h                                        coredns                   2m           26Mi            
kube-system      coredns-59b6bf8b4f-pmdwb                                        coredns                   151m         28Mi            
kube-system      coredns-autoscaler-7f99cdc6f4-ht8zq                             autoscaler                1m           7Mi             
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-269jl                                        azuredisk                 1m           21Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-269jl                                        liveness-probe            1m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-269jl                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           15Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-4sndc                                        azuredisk                 1m           15Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-4sndc                                        liveness-probe            1m           11Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-4sndc                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           16Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-4xsc9                                        azuredisk                 1m           17Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-4xsc9                                        liveness-probe            1m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-4xsc9                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-9pf4f                                        azuredisk                 1m           17Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-9pf4f                                        liveness-probe            1m           11Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-9pf4f                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           20Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-gqlvf                                        azuredisk                 1m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-gqlvf                                        liveness-probe            1m           10Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-gqlvf                                        node-driver-registrar     3m           11Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-4m5nv                                        azurefile                 1m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-4m5nv                                        liveness-probe            1m           11Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-4m5nv                                        node-driver-registrar     3m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-cngn8                                        azurefile                 1m           16Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-cngn8                                        liveness-probe            1m           11Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-cngn8                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-d8tw7                                        azurefile                 1m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-d8tw7                                        liveness-probe            1m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-d8tw7                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           16Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-j8pns                                        azurefile                 1m           15Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-j8pns                                        liveness-probe            1m           11Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-j8pns                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           17Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-mbfmn                                        azurefile                 1m           16Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-mbfmn                                        liveness-probe            1m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-mbfmn                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           17Mi            
kube-system      konnectivity-agent-9c6cc9d94-4c4jz                              konnectivity-agent        3m           22Mi            
kube-system      konnectivity-agent-9c6cc9d94-j568k                              konnectivity-agent        3m           18Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-dxknv                                                kube-proxy                1m           24Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-jcxgd                                                kube-proxy                1m           24Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-p5p7f                                                kube-proxy                1m           26Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-r24qd                                                kube-proxy                1m           21Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-v4ddr                                                kube-proxy                1m           25Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-fr4jz                                 metrics-server            4m           33Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-fr4jz                                 metrics-server-vpa        1m           14Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-lvzjl                                 metrics-server            4m           43Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-lvzjl                                 metrics-server-vpa        1m           15Mi            
