NAMESPACE        POD                                                             NAME                      CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
apk              apk-test-cert-manager-59954cb9dd-qvbvd                          cert-manager-controller   1m           34Mi            
apk              apk-test-cert-manager-cainjector-54b47dd655-wr5rx               cert-manager-cainjector   2m           38Mi            
apk              apk-test-cert-manager-webhook-6cf6588b8f-4r8j7                  cert-manager-webhook      1m           15Mi            
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-adapter-deployment-67444fdf5-74zwz            adapter                   1m           194Mi           
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-gateway-runtime-deployment-5fd45c5ff8-pshfs   enforcer                  222m         633Mi           
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-gateway-runtime-deployment-5fd45c5ff8-pshfs   router                    1501m        244Mi           
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-idpds-deployment-6ccd9bbcfd-bz2b4             idpds                     2m           194Mi           
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-idpui-deployment-58f9fc49c-rv4f7              idpui                     1m           17Mi            
apk              apk-test-wso2-apk-runtime-ds-deployment-76d6d6c694-nptrh        runtime-ds                2m           303Mi           
apk              httpbin-5fb4d6bbc4-7l4gm                                        httpbin                   1m           37Mi            
apk              wso2apk-db-service-0                                            postgresql                3m           42Mi            
default          netty-backend-6f99fffc77-4mhd7                                  netty-backend             72m          422Mi           
gateway-system   gateway-api-admission-server-54d848ffcc-5q4dh                   webhook                   1m           7Mi             
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-4t5xx                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           14Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-hwf8j                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           17Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-q26hm                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           14Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-vgwqf                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           15Mi            
kube-system      azure-ip-masq-agent-w4z6p                                       azure-ip-masq-agent       1m           15Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-6vtfd                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           16Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-74nk2                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           20Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-c4gqf                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           15Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-d6hlq                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           16Mi            
kube-system      cloud-node-manager-lm9l7                                        cloud-node-manager        1m           19Mi            
kube-system      coredns-59b6bf8b4f-j6wqm                                        coredns                   28m          27Mi            
kube-system      coredns-59b6bf8b4f-wnqz4                                        coredns                   30m          31Mi            
kube-system      coredns-autoscaler-7f99cdc6f4-5bgtz                             autoscaler                1m           8Mi             
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-5t5qn                                        azuredisk                 1m           15Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-5t5qn                                        liveness-probe            1m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-5t5qn                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           15Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-8m6qb                                        azuredisk                 1m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-8m6qb                                        liveness-probe            1m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-8m6qb                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           19Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-c9kjn                                        azuredisk                 1m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-c9kjn                                        liveness-probe            1m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-c9kjn                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           17Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-cpk7j                                        azuredisk                 1m           16Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-cpk7j                                        liveness-probe            1m           11Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-cpk7j                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           17Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-tkzp2                                        azuredisk                 1m           19Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-tkzp2                                        liveness-probe            1m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azuredisk-node-tkzp2                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           9Mi             
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-8l9mn                                        azurefile                 1m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-8l9mn                                        liveness-probe            1m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-8l9mn                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           15Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-bmlzm                                        azurefile                 1m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-bmlzm                                        liveness-probe            1m           10Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-bmlzm                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           10Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-kcmrj                                        azurefile                 1m           16Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-kcmrj                                        liveness-probe            1m           13Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-kcmrj                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-q56nx                                        azurefile                 1m           18Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-q56nx                                        liveness-probe            1m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-q56nx                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           17Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-xh9tf                                        azurefile                 1m           14Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-xh9tf                                        liveness-probe            1m           12Mi            
kube-system      csi-azurefile-node-xh9tf                                        node-driver-registrar     2m           18Mi            
kube-system      konnectivity-agent-9c6cc9d94-vpv6x                              konnectivity-agent        4m           24Mi            
kube-system      konnectivity-agent-9c6cc9d94-wjr2m                              konnectivity-agent        5m           24Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-8rtpt                                                kube-proxy                1m           21Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-f9cbc                                                kube-proxy                1m           21Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-fv758                                                kube-proxy                1m           24Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-hmlrg                                                kube-proxy                1m           20Mi            
kube-system      kube-proxy-tt2sh                                                kube-proxy                1m           25Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-55p9k                                 metrics-server            5m           37Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-55p9k                                 metrics-server-vpa        1m           15Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-ll5bp                                 metrics-server            4m           37Mi            
kube-system      metrics-server-5f87fccc7d-ll5bp                                 metrics-server-vpa        1m           15Mi            
